Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China show. I'm Yvon Man
with David.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Stocks across the
Asia-Pacific in the green up for a sixth
straight session here. That's as US and
European Union uh near a trade deal that
could actually set tariff rates at 15%.
Meanwhile, Chinese President Xi Jinping
set to host EU officials led by Ursula
Vanderlayan amid lingering disagreements
over export controls and China's ties
with Russia.
>> And we're looking at shares of Tesla in
the after hours session down and down
quite a bit. In fact, here sales slump
Elen Musk warning of a few rough
quarters ahead.
[Music]
Right, welcome to the show. A quick
glance at market action and as we were
just pointing out a few seconds ago,
sixth straight day of gains. We're now
at the highest level in about four years
in the Msei benchmark here for the Asia
Pacific. Longest streak of gains going
back to the very start uh of the year.
Nikki225 as you can see on your screens
is now within and the topics index is
already there now within about 1% of
hitting uh a fresh record as far as
that's concerned. AI trade back in focus
you have of course SK highix within that
store. In fact, flip the page please and
have a look at how we're doing on those
specific stocks given the earnings beat
68% I believe record profit AI spending
3% on the highex and on SK highix TSMC
is coming online and some of the other
uh iterations of the AI trade in the
Asia Pacific with the exception of disco
as you can see which is like dancing
slightly lower uh most are actually on
the up costby index up a further 1% one
of the best performing markets globally
even more so today currency markets we
have an ECB decision. Don't forget later
on today. More on that in a moment. A
weak dollar story roughly as far as some
of the other Asian FX is concerned. 146
now or closer to 146 on the yen. We
haven't had a 714 handle for the Chinese
currency in a while. In fact, that's now
at about an 8-month high as far as the
Chinese currency. Seven-month high.
Thank you so much. Is concerned. Very
quickly going into the open today. And
for once, we are looking at a sideways
open and just really coming off what's
been a manic last few days for Chinese
equity markets. Four year highs, more on
that in a moment. Turnover 1.8 trillion
for a second straight session.
>> The animal spirits are back, not just in
China as you take a look at the the
milestones as you mentioned, but
four-year highs for all these gauges in
Hong Kong, a CSI 300 as well,
eight-month highs as well, and even
seeing Chinese long bonds sell off and
really joining this sort of route in
global bonds as well. So certainly, you
know, is this sort of the the the way to
go given that we're getting more and
more of these trade deals? There's more
optimism around that or are are we still
complacent about the fact that a lot of
these effective tariff rates are
actually higher
>> than 10% which is what the the best case
scenario used to be? So is that all
going to start to bite at the end of the
road?
>> Yeah, I guess it depends on the
comparison, right? Or relative. It's
certainly higher than 10%. markets seem
to be moving along the narratives that
at least we're not getting the worst
case scenario of another back and forth
on on on retaliatory tariffs from both
sides. All that being said, uh we'll see
what happens between the US and the EU
between EU and China of course one of
the big things of course today and of
course coming up here on shows a lot of
guests coming through to talk us through
this this manic rally we're seeing in
equity markets here uh in greater China
number one. Number two is of course the
earnings that have come through. There's
Tesla, there's been uh Alphabet of
course to talk us through. Nvidia is at
174 trillion. Beth Kind joins us to talk
about that. Uh ETFs, greater Chinese
markets, China index has done well and
of course EUS has uh released a new
product this week. More on that in a
moment. Of course, more as well on these
conversations. President Xi Jinping of
course is set to meet EU officials not
in Europe, they're in Beijing. More on
that in a moment. Right. On the recent
trade deals we've seen this week, you
had the Philippines, of course, did
strike a trade deal with the United
States, uh, agreeing to a 19% tariff
rate on its exports to the US. Now, that
announcement came as President Marquez
visited the White House. For more on the
deal and its impact, let's head over to
Washington now and in fact bring in the
Philippine ambassador to the United
States, Jose Manuel Rmald is joining us
right now. Ambassador, good morning from
the Asia Pacific. Thank you so much for
staying up and joining us today. Lots to
talk about. Just your initial what do
you think the key takeaways are from
this trip apart from obviously what's
been taking place along the trade lines?
>> Well, good morning to you David and
Ivonne. Uh yes, I just well essentially
I think uh on overall we we found the
meeting with between President Trump and
President Marcos to be uh
sort of like a a a good meeting and and
not only that I think uh there's there's
a connection there which is very
important. I think we all know with
President Trump he always believes in
the a personal relationship with any u
with any leader of any nation. And I
think that President Marcos and
President Trump kind of hit it off very
well. So having said that, there are
many aspects of our relationship. It's
not only economic. Obviously, there's
our our
very important defense um alliance with
the United States, which is obviously a
key factor in in our relationship right
now. And uh also, of course, the
people-to-people ties that we have. We
have 4.3 million Filipino Americans
living in the United States and I think
we have about 700,000 Americans living
in the Philippines. So with that, I
think overall, as I said, it was a a
very good uh I would say an excellent
opportunity for the two leaders to be
able to get to know each other well.
They have known each other even before
President Trump became president, but
this time as both leaders of their
country, I think it's it's it's a it's a
good start.
Yeah, Ambassador, the you know, a lot of
attention and understandably so has been
put on, you know, 1 percentage point
drop from 20 to 19% and some of the
critics, I'd like to hear your thoughts
on it. Um, have said that President Bong
Bong didn't really achieve very much as
far as bringing down that specific
tariff. What is the what's the response
from the government?
>> Well, I think that uh it's not uh it's
it's I would say that that is a start.
uh there's still uh time for us to be
able to uh uh get some more details on
how we can manage uh to bring it perhaps
a little much much lower than that. Uh
we're still looking at the possibility
but also the details on the uh on the no
tariff for any imports coming to the
Philippines. We we're still looking at
uh there are so many details that that
were not that discussed. Uh so the
discussion uh with with President Trump
and President Marcus was mostly on on
the overall picture of our on the tariff
but uh nothing uh came on the details
and that that will have to be discussed
by our our negotiators.
>> So so 19% might not be final ambassador.
I'm wondering h how what's the ideal
situation? How low do you think
Philippines can go or or is at least
aiming for in order to stay competitive
with other Azan nations? Well, there was
there was a uh there was an announcement
that came out of the White House today.
I think that uh they I think President
Trump said that the lowest he will go is
15%. So obviously every all countries
are going to try to get to that point a
15% uh tariff. So obviously we'd like to
see that happen uh to our our relation
our trade uh agreement with the United
States. Um, Japan, I think, uh, got the
15% uh, uh, tariff rate, and that's
because they have a $600 billion, uh,
commitment to invest in in the United
States. We we don't have anything like
that, but but just nonetheless, we're
still looking at the possibility of
bringing that lower since we still have
time to uh to negotiate this.
Ambassador, one of the other key
components of this relationship which
you've highlighted, we heard it from
President Trump as well. The Philippines
is a key military partner. Uh to that
extent,
could you maybe shed some light and more
color on what was announced? Were there
any new security guarantees
uh or support uh that the US extend has
extended to the Philippines?
Well, I think what was discussed openly
at the Oval Office was uh the fact that
the US Congress had approved a uh from
their NDA, the National Defense uh uh
act that they they will be setting up a
industrial base of of the manufacturer
of ammunition in in in the Philippines.
And that is a sort of like a joint
venture. That that is a very good
uh what do you call this? a template
that we would like to see where we can
have the manufacturer of defense uh
material and uh it'll create jobs
obviously in the Philippines and that
that's one way that's an investments
coming into the country. Uh that's one
particular uh area where I think uh
there was we had some discussions on
that one and I think that both President
Marcus and President uh Trump see that
as an opportunity once again to
strengthen not only our uh defense uh
relationship but also our economic
relationship.
>> Yeah, I believe that correct me if I'm
wrong. I believe that that project is is
being eyed in in Sububi uh of course
back back in back in the Philippines. Uh
I'm wondering do you have any more
details on that that you could share any
timelines that were talked about as far
as that specific uh sort of exercise is
concerned?
>> I think that we we have uh some
companies in the Philippines that
already are in that business and so
they're they're actually uh in
discussion with some of the companies
here in the United States that are also
in that kind of business also. So, we're
looking at uh potential joint ventures
or possibly uh an investment coming
directly from uh the United States
government. Uh we'll see what happens.
Uh it it's still too early to be able to
tell you any any more than what we
already know, which is basically that
there is an intention to set it up
around the sub area.
>> Understood. And maybe just one last
maybe on defense here and maybe just to
put to bed as well speculation. Was
there or is there any material
conversation around returning officially
returning military bases to to the Phil
US military bases to the Philippines?
>> No, there was none. Uh mainly because uh
it is clear and we made it clear to our
friends here in the United States that
uh uh we it's now in our constitution
that we will not allow basis foreign
bases to be established in the
Philippines. It is now in the in the
constitution of the Philippines.
>> Ambassador, I want to get back to sort
of some of the details of this trade
agreement where Marcos did mentioned
that zero tariffs on US exports to the
Philippines will apply only to certain
products like automobiles. Can you can
you give us a bit more? Are there other
sort of products or items that you look
at besides automobiles? Now
>> I think there are quite a number of uh
uh things that are being manufactured in
the United States that we do not have in
the Philippines. I can't specify anymore
that of course auto automobiles and auto
parts and and I think uh there are other
uh manufacturing um uh what you call it
machinery that we could probably import.
We we need to we need to start looking
into modernizing some of our
manufacturing plants. Uh there there are
many items I there's a long list of
items that I think that that could
really uh bump up our trade between the
Philippines and the United States. So uh
we'll see what happens. As I said, it's
still being worked out that the details
are still being uh uh worked out by our
our trade negotiators.
>> Was there ever a discussion about rules
of origin or trans shshipment concerns?
uh ambassador because there has been
some concerns that you know there could
be some goods that are coming from China
for example through Southeast Asia
nations which we have seen in that
Vietnam deal with the US as well. I'm
just wondering were those discussions
ever made?
>> Well, we we we assured well we don't
have any of that. There's no trans
shshipment coming through the
Philippines and that's the reason why
our trade uh is is is
somewhere between 4.8 to 5 billion. Uh
so there is no uh there's absolutely no
trans shshipment uh that's being done in
the Philippines right now.
>> Ambassador, final question. Did we did
we miss out on anything? What what else
do you think is pertinent that we need
to know?
Well, I think what's important again
like I said is that as far as the trade
deal is concerned, we all know that uh
there's always room for negotiation uh
like what happened with Japan but and
what's probably happening to the other
Asan countries and the reason why we
came down to the 19% is because that's
only what as President Trump pointed out
that that is the base for the Asian
countries right now. that is the lowest,
but there is room for more uh more
improvement on on the tariff as he
announced ear earlier today that the
lowest go is 15%. And so we're all
hoping that we'll be able to bring it
down to that level.
>> What a new normal, isn't it, Ambassador?
Thank you so much for the time and
staying up, of course. And uh we know
it's been an extremely busy few days for
you and your team. Ambassador Jose
Manuel Rmald there, the Philippine
ambassador to the United States, joining
us there out of out of Washington.
Right. Going into the open today, just
over just 15 minutes away, 16 give or
take. Uh it's, you know what, 10 out of
10. That's the morning so far you're
seeing here in Hong Kong. Fantastic
weather. The sun is out finally.
Features are flat. Anyway, you can't
have everything, right? This is the
China.
[Music]
All
right, your agenda here today of course
at China EU summit is certainly one
thing. high level talks between she and
Ursula von Lean. Certainly that
coincides with the EU and US trade talks
that are also undergoing as well. So how
does that factor into what's going to be
happening uh in this summit this time
around? That stocks rally which we
talked about here as well. Certainly one
to watch is the EV sector. Uh there's
been elderly stocks as well. We've been
focusing on that. Uh and now there's
some data coming through here whether
it's Macau visitor arrivals. There's a
CGB sale interesting enough at a time
when we actually are seeing a bit of a
bond selloff in the long end. And yeah,
we also have that July economic survey
too that's coming out later on today.
>> Yep. At some point this morning. Um
right now though, that's some something
that's coming up is the fix of today.
And we haven't had a 713 handle on this
in a while. In fact, the strongest
fixing since November of last year,
71385 to be more to be more specific.
That really goes into maybe this rally
that's taken place. Ivon and I have
talked about this turnover second day
1.8 trillion on shore. Uh effectively
where we are. So if you ask us okay
where exactly is this rally that's
coming up on your screens very shortly
four-year highs not this the other
graphic please if we can fouryear highs
on there thank you so much Hangen Hen
China Shanghai comps 2021 I believe 2022
highs and CSI 300 back to about eightmon
highs just a a gauge of momentum on the
right side of your screen
>> yeah so things are looking a bit maybe
overheated right if you take how these
RS concerns right now let's bring China
equity strategist of BF AFA securities.
Um you have you've been just coming back
from this whole financial tour. A lot of
it is is is the the amount of southbound
flows alike. I mean how far do you think
the sort of flow buying can go?
>> Yeah, I mean I think the flow buying can
go uh as long as uh one is the overall
rate and bond yield environment remains
low. So whether it's insurers, asset
managers, pensions or even retail
depositors, they are seeking for yield
for yield for return and high dividend
yield. SOE SOE banks looks like a good
alternative. You know, for them is
almost a sovereign credit and banks have
relatively stable uh dividend yield,
right? And two, I think you know the
trace for yield might continue as long
as people have low expectation on growth
or better steams, right? So you know if
people have more higher conviction on
stimulus on growth, they will be chasing
these grossier stocks, right? In the
past few days we saw the grow the the
the people chasing like commodities two
weeks ago property. Yeah. But if those
seams comes and go rather than sustain
then money go back to the defensive to
the yield stocks and I think generally
people now have relatively low
expectation on policy stimulus uh have
low conviction on the growth names right
so so these defensive yield names remain
popular and also what we observed is for
some financial institutions they buying
these banks for example
in gaining uh a board seat so that they
can do equity accounting. So when they
bought at 0.5 times PB getting the board
seat equity accounting they can say oh
I'm carrying it at one time book. So
suddenly there is a massive accounting
gain which a number of institutions
already booked in the past. So that's an
additional layer of motivation incentive
we see distressed asset managers some
insurers and going forward potentially
some corporate want to play this game.
So what's the end game ultimately,
right? Not that I'm supportive of this
thesis, but the end game here could be
let's trade the banks all the way up to
one time book, okay?
>> So that this equity accounting game no
longer makes sense so that the yield
goes down to like 2 less than 2.5% close
enough to the government bond yield then
maybe that's the end game. But as of now
I think you know the pain trade
continues and you know the fact that the
financials generated a strong absolute
return right previous years banks
outperform but it was relative to China
market this year the China financials
actually absolute outperform even in the
emerging market or the global context
then it actually also attracted more
investors who previously or historically
underweighted these China banks now need
to take another look and re-examine and
to to some extent participate in the
pain trade.
>> What's ironic about this, the more
people that chase this trade and the the
better it gets, the lower the yield
eventually gets, right? Are we at that
inflection point now? Are we close to
that inflection point?
>> So, interestingly on this tour when our
investor met with the insurers like
onethird or even half of the question on
the insurers were about their investment
strategy. It's like are you buying the
business strategy? No, not the premium
growth, not the first, not the VMBB
margin, no but it's like are you buying
more banks? Are you buying smaller banks
other than the SOE banks? Are you
seeking to get a board seat? What's the
lowest acceptable yield you can you you
can you can take right so that is
actually a key question because for the
H share banks on average for example in
September last year the average yield
was still 8%. M
>> now it's down to 5% and for some Asia
banks the yield is like have a three
handle right 3.1%. The bar has keep
moving lower that's why a lot of
investors are asking hey how far this
can go right
>> and that's why I say at the end game is
one time PB yield goes to like 2.1%.
Yeah, I mean 10 year yields at half of
1%, right? So there we go. We'll have
more from Winnie Woo in a moment, China
equity strategist at BA Securities.
We're talking anti-involution
full report out plus other themes across
these markets going into the open today.
Uh time is it? Okay, under 7 minutes
away flat open. This is Mber,
[Music]
right? Welcome back to shows uh
pre-markets looking like this. So,
finally some consolidation after really
what's been a decent run recently. Hang
Tech is just within a couple of
percentage points from that high we hit
very recently. uh we we have topped
those highs on the Hangen China and Hen
index. As you can see, we've had haven't
been at 255 in a in a while and some
strength coming through in the Chinese
currency following the strongest fix
going back to November of last year. The
exchange rate itself is at about those
levels uh as well.
>> Yep. In terms of stocks to watch, we're
watching the Chinese EV sector here.
This is in the back of what we heard
from regulators uh issuing some sort of
ethical guidelines for automated driving
tech. So this is on the back of what
we've heard from this, you know, fatal
accident involving an autonomous Xiaomi
vehicle uh recently. So certainly we are
seeing some of these EV stocks lower
this morning. Neo's down some 2%. And
Tesla, right? So what we heard from Elon
Musk saying that there's going to be
some rough quarters ahead. Uh we talk
about what's what I'm talking about is
this a is this an automaker? Is this an
AI and robotic sort of company? Now, it
really depends on how you view this
stock, but you're seeing some of the
suppliers actually rallying. The ATLH
shares are up some 1%. The open is next.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back to shows.
Yeah, we made it. We made it through
hump day. It's a day away from the
weekend. It's quiet across these
markets. We're still watching out for a
lot of things on the Chinese front. um
most front of which of course will be
this summit taking place today uh at the
Chinese capital and we understand of
course President Xi Jinping will is set
to meet uh top EU officials and let's
see what they are able to come out with
as far as that's concerned in fact later
on in the show we'll talk more about
this with some guests coming through as
well but yeah apart from that it's quiet
>> it is but it certainly gives us time to
look at some of the big themes out there
and you know we're hearing from
President Trump about this sort of I
guess framework of what these tariffs
going to look like right Looks like it's
15% to 50% is what these countries might
get whether it's from these trade talks
or in a form of a letter. But 15% seems
to be the new 10% that we have to deal
with in this new ter.
>> Um so certainly that is the new thing to
watch out for here in the coming days
and months as we get closer to this
August 1st deadline August 12th for
China. As you say it's quite quiet but
certainly we've hit some pretty key
milestones when it comes to these
Chinese equity markets whether it's
onshore or offshore. Right. You take a
look at how CSI 300, we're talking about
eight-month highs. Shanghai Composite,
we're at three-year highs right now and
ever getting close to that 3,600 level
for Shanghai. So certainly that's one to
watch and we're watching, of course, was
happening even in the bond space in
China, which we've talked about, you
know, low rates for some time, but now
we're starting to see the selloff,
particularly in the long end, pick up.
In fact, we're seeing maybe a sixth day
or seventh day now where that 30-year
yield is going to be slightly higher. So
maybe we're finally joining the sort of
route that we're seeing in the long
rates side of things in China as well.
Why? Well, you talk about animal spirits
coming back in the equity market. This
whole kind of anti-involution theme.
Maybe this means the economy can escape
deflation. That certainly is what
markets are starting to repric here
right now, right? Whether that is going
to be a, you know, a a multimonth,
multi-year story, we're going to talk to
Winnie Woo from BFA on that as well. But
you take a look at how the commodities
are doing. We're actually on offer on
some things like copper, steel, and iron
ore after what we've seen is quite a
tremendous rally of some of these
commodities of lay here. Shanghai crude
is slightly higher. We talk about Tesla.
Not sure if that's really what's driving
some of these Tesla suppliers like CL
here today. The tech space has been on
fire here uh really and what's led to
this rally as well. Uh flip of the
boards. We'll see what Hong Kong is
doing here. We talked about the fix as
well. That was quite a strong fix on the
PBOC here. Once again, Hong Kong's doing
this. So, we're much a little bit better
there. There you go. We're upside about
a fifth of 1%. But what we saw yesterday
was the 8 share gauge that we're
watching very closely, right? We're at
9,250 and change now. That brings us
back to the highest levels we've seen
since October of 2021. So, you got the
IPO pipeline that's been very strong.
Tech certainly is what's been driving a
lot of that as well. Uh, in terms of
honky dollar, still a little bit on the
weaker side. We're at 784.97 here, but
tech seems to be doing okay. Okay.
Right. 10-centent, Alibaba are slightly
up. By though, that's the one that's
actually heading lower. We're down about
2 and a.5% or more here this morning. So
certainly one to watch here is the EV
space. So we talked about some of these
ethical guidelines that have been set
here. So we're seeing a mixed picture
across some of the EV space here this
morning and Tesla suppliers. We
mentioned about CL see how the eight
shares are doing here this morning. Um
but yeah, you know what we heard from
Elon Musk was a couple rough patches
ahead. If you take a look at how
shipments and deliveries are look
looking like here right now, uh CL8
shares are slightly down about 7/10en of
1%. Dave,
>> yeah, he sees well a couple of rough
quarters ahead. Beth Kinding, in fact,
will be joining us later on the show to
talk us through, of course, the tech
side of this conversation. Is it a
vision problem or is it an execution
problem as far as Tesla go? Shares are
obviously off lows of that we saw back
in April, but we're still I think down
about 18%. Now the other conversation we
want to talk about too as Ivonne was
just alluding to there. Right? So it's
actually been I just had to look it's
actually been 10 years since the last
major initiative on supply side reform
right top panel is industrial profits
bottom panel is PPI you know 2012 to
2015 wholesale price deflation you had
supply side reforms which to a some
extent of course worked back then the
world was also a very different place
and then as we get into this the the
newest iteration of supply side reform
anti-involution
The question is will it work this time
and in which sector should we expect it
to work this time? Winnie Woo joins us
still China equity strategist at BOA
securities. Why don't we start with that
with that question? You guys put a full
report in that.
>> Thank you. Yeah, we just published a
joint report this morning. Um I think
you know a lot of people compare to the
current anti-evolution to the supply
side reform 10 years ago. 10 years ago
it was very successful and was a pretty
quick re reaction from you know the the
PPI turnaround from five years of
deflation to pretty positive territory
in 2017 economy turnaround corporate
profit turnaround and stock prices in
the coal and material sector basically
more than doubled in the two-year
horizon so many investor look at old
playbook and say okay let's buy these
stocks we see recently share prices up
like 30 50% % in a month or so in some
of these sectors. However, we want to
highlight this time has a few quite
important differences compared to 10
years ago. The first thing is the sector
focus is different, right? So 10 years
ago it was mainly old economy s
dominated old capacity which has been
lost making for some of them being lost
making for years right we're talking
about old economy metal and mining
cement steel you know aluminium
but this time many of the new economy
sector right advanced manufacturing
strategic new sector green energy
renewable energy sector also have this
over capacity issue and many of the
capacity were actually newly built Yeah.
And some of the technologies are
commodities. So it's very hard to say oh
old technology high energy uh high
energy consumption high high high high
high pollution using those old standard
to draw the line to say who are the
winner and loser.
>> Yes.
>> Right. Also many of these new capacity
were subsidized by local government were
supported by your Chinese bank sectors.
So the push back will be much higher and
many of them are actually now in
downstream with more private sector
company. Many also are a were able to
export. So as long as Chinese export
were okay push back push back from the
industry will be strong. We are still
bringing in FX reserve we can still sell
to the rest of the world. Why you want
to shut us down right? So that's the
first difference in terms of execution
wise there will probably be much more
push back because it's more POE private
sector company it's more new economy and
the capacity are fairly new the second
difference was 2015 16 supply side
reform happened but there were also
demand side recoveries right you know
China launched this shanty town project
property market had a big rebound in
was global synchronized recovery So
export had a very nice rebound. So you
know this time the macro cycle might be
quite different. Can we still count on
export and property or will there be new
infrastructure that's driving the
demand? It's still unknown.
>> And finally this time in anti-involution
we feel like it's much broader focus. So
supply reduction is only one piece of
the story but there's also more focuses
in terms of protectingmemes on the
supply chain. So like whether it's the
auto companies, they shouldn't be
squeezing the dealers for you know
putting a very high inventory burden on
them or they need to accelerate payment
to the component suppliers. And then for
e-commerce internet platforms is about
you know you can't pass on the
competition pressure to theme merchant
on your platform and you need to step up
the support for your delivery riders. So
these policies are actually negative
marginally negative for the listed
company the large cap companies but more
in supporting the whole ecosystem and
supply chain and finally I think this
time there's also a focus on reducing
the government local government
subsidies and and support right which
created a lot of repetitive competition
so when president emphasized on building
a unified national market is partly also
that to ring in the local government
behavior and subsidies which also cause
a lot of geopolitical tensions and and
criticisms. So again, ringing in the
government subsidy will probably be
negative rather than positive.
>> So what you're saying, I guess it's it's
early stages. Manage your expectations.
>> Yes.
>> In terms of how I can trade on this,
right? I mean markets are kind of going
with it anyways, right?
>> They have already.
If where can I actually realistically
then see better pricing, better margins
and better valuations on the back of
this theme. Our analysts really
generally have low expectation right
because a few things one is the over
capacity in some sectors like solar like
cement are substantial but the current
cut discussed was very marginal and in
most sectors like for example in steel
sector in the solar glass sector we're
talking about production cut not
capacity reduction and production cut is
only temporary
>> right it's not fundamentally addressing
the supply demand imbalances So
generally speaking I would say you know
the S so SOE related sectors like the
cement the stews uh potentially will see
some more real impact because it's
easier to execute and the sectors that's
already having very low margin low
utilization again will be easier to
implement whereas for like the solar
equipment or the modules the lithiums um
some of the EV sector it will probably
be much harder to see it coming through
in the near term and even now we don't
have a concrete target for many of these
sector in terms of how much to cut or
even how much to suspend production.
>> So what then is the earnings outlook?
>> The earnings outlook you know from
beginning of year we saw in sectors like
solar lithium chemicals market factoring
big earnings turnaround this year on the
hopes of supply reduction which hasn't
come coming in the first half this year.
Um so I still worry that in the sectors
that still rely on policy or policy
implementation there's downside
potential downside disappointment
whereas when we talk to others for
example financials like internet like
banks insurers it looks like second
quarter earning will be marginally
better partly because of the equity
market doing well bond yield was going
down so there's better trading gains and
second quarter economy was okay so you
know I think different sector various
but generally the sectors that were
market already pricing high expectation
for the supply side reform are likely to
be disappointed for the coming couple of
quarters.
>> Uh a quick last question for you. Why
has the Asia market been seen this
revival recently? I mean turnovers
picked up. Shanghai compet I'm just
wondering if we're overthinking that. Is
something else going on there? Yeah, I
mean to some extent Asia was a big
lagard this year, right? Since even
since September last year, Here was one
of the best performing market globally.
Asia lagged. So I I I think people are
looking at some of the ah spread right
and seeing whether there is a reversal
trend to play out. Um I think there are
some you know market chatters about
whether southbound insurers keep buying
H share is healthy. should they focus
more on the Asia but also in May 20th
the major banks did a round of deposit
rate cut so one year rate was cut by 15
basis points threeear time deposit rate
cut by 25 basis points so after the rate
cut I think s re retail depositors are
also looking at savings right your
saving yield you 1% and is it better off
to buy the the dividend stocks or buy
the equity which will give you 1% in a
day right so So, so I I I think it's a
combination of these factors mainly more
on the flow as well.
>> Winnie, it's great to have you. Winnie
Woo there, China equity strategist at
BFA Securities. Coming up, we're going
to take a closer look at Tesla, which is
warning of a rough few quarters ahead,
battling slowing sales in the US and
regulatory issues in China. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. For the already, I
think fourth time, we're looking at
Tesla suppliers. Um,
nothing much to see here. That's just to
show and say that Tesla is a big story
today. You like how we crowbar that in.
Anyway, Tesla of course big mover in the
after hours session down about four or
five percent. Elon Musk of course and
this is an important story warning of a
few rough quarters ahead as tariff costs
increase and bite into demand. That's
after second quarter sales plunge. Get
this 12% the worst drop in at least a
decade.
>> We probably could have a few rough
quarters. Um, I'm not saying we will,
but we could, um, Q, you know, Q4, Q1,
maybe Q2, but once you get to autonomy
at scale in the second half of half of
next year, certainly by the end of next
year, I think the I would be surprised
if if Tesla's economics um are not uh
very compelling.
Let's bring in our EV supply chain
reporter Danny Lee uh to break down
these earnings for us. And you kind of
heard in this call, right, that it's
almost like there's still some
heartbreak from this breakup with
President Trump. When you talk about the
impact on tariffs and the impact from
this big beautiful bill as well on
Tesla,
>> you hear how Elon Musk is very downbeat.
He's very kind of flat in his call with
analysts which only ended a couple of
hours ago, right? and and you know this
was this second quarter a pretty uh this
is probably as bad as it gets frankly
for now maybe it gets even worse you
know we are going to see another
difficult couple of periods ahead as
Elon Musk warned and you know this is
just as Tesla transitions from just
being an EV only focused company into
one they want to clearly upsell autonomy
robo taxis robots and so it's the
earning story around the EVs which
continues to drag down the company
whilst all This future-looking stuff
which gives Tesla even more value which
has yet to be fleshed out in detail
still hasn't really shown up in any kind
of earnings or any kind of detail which
analysts really want to hear about more.
>> Yeah, the market can tend to get
impatient really when it comes to these
things. Anything on the Asia Pacific?
>> Well, there's only one thing on the Asia
Pacific that Elon Musk raised and that
was this roadblock to getting more
autonomous testing done in China. So
that's going to be a key thing as they
separate out what they're doing in the
rest of the world and in China and and
so therefore they're still facing some
roadblocks to getting that testing
launched and to try and catch up to some
of its peers and and you know even it's
a bit of a surprise that more of Asia
wasn't mentioned because of what they've
just launched in India recently. They've
expanded and this India a new market for
them could help them drive more sales
where they have been flagging in in
other parts of the world. So you've
expected maybe Musk to talk more about
some of these new and emerging markets,
more in the Middle East, more in India,
but we haven't quite heard that as he
tries to focus on a lot of things to try
and get Tesla back on a better footing.
>> All right, Denny, thank you. Danny Lee
there, our EV supply chain reporter. And
of course, want to get Beth Kindick from
IO Fund joining us to break down those
earnings further in the next hour.
Another earnings news, Alphabet shares
gained in late trade after second
quarter sales beat Wall Street
estimates. It's also raising capital
spending this year by $10 billion with
CEO Sun Cinder Pachai citing rising
demand for cloud and AI services. Google
is weaving its flagship AI model Gemini
into its product portfolio as it
confronts competition from Meta and
Microsoft. IBM shares slipped though as
it reported weaker than expected sales
in its closely watched software segment.
Sales for the unit grew 10% on year to
about $7.4 $4 billion, which fell short
of the average analyst estimate.
Evercore ISI says investors are likely
to question how durable IBM software
growth will be in the second half.
>> Okay, let's stay on tech. AMD says
chips, the chips it buys from TSMC's
Arizona plant actually cost up to 20%
more than those actually made in Taiwan.
The CEO, Lisa uh Sue, actually spoke to
us exclusively at an AI event where
President Trump promised the US would
win the global race in tech. She told us
that a White House plan is crucial to
ensuring access to resources.
I think the AI action plan absolutely uh
helps this notion of bringing up the
resources that are necessary whether
it's regulatory or power or you know
just ensuring that there's a view that
um this is a priority and if it's a
priority for the administration it'll be
a priority for the industry and you know
it kind of coaleses all of the aspects
that are necessary so it's still hard
work I don't want to say that you know
we can um do this you know quickly it's
still multi-year
>> but you will move some chips from
Arizona this year I think you said
>> absolutely we're going to start
manufacturing this year and we're going
to add to it um as we go forward.
>> One of the things you addressed on stage
was the idea of the the relative price
comparison for a semiconductor made here
in in the United States versus abroad.
There is a a marginal degree of greater
expense. I think you said it was less
than 20% more than 5% somewhere high
double digits. But if you are building
the broader high performance compute
system in the United States does it
matter? I mean how do you approach the
sort of economics of it?
>> I think the um economics of it are uh we
have to consider the um you know just
resiliency in the supply chain. I think
we learned that frankly Ed from the
pandemic. You know the idea that uh you
you think about your supply chains not
just by the lowest cost but also about
reliability about resiliency and all
those things. I think that's how we're
thinking about US manufacturing and yes
it will be a little bit more expensive.
You know, frankly, um some of the uh the
work that has been done to um uh
encourage semiconductor investment has
been helpful. Uh but when you really
average it across everything else that
you need to build this computing
infrastructure, I think it's a a very
good investment for us to make to
asssure that we have um you know,
American manufacturing and resiliency.
>> The AI action plan will be followed by
action. One imagines, you know,
executive orders from the president and
other pieces of specific policy. what is
left to do to your mind? What is it
actually that needs to be enacted uh
either from a supply chain point of view
or your ability to sell your
technologies around the world?
>> Well, what I really like about the AI
action plan is I actually believe it's
quite actionable. So, there are lots of
things in there where when we look at
it, it's a a a perfect blueprint for
public private partnership. And you
know, we're going to be active with the
administration uh to try to help shape
some of those conversations about, you
know, what should be exported, what an
open ecosystem looks like, um how do we
ensure that AI for science is front of
mind. You know, we're very active with
the Department of Energy on, you know,
the entire national lab infrastructure,
which can really help accelerate um AI
in the country. So, um yeah, we're ready
to go.
That was the Andy CEO Lisa Sue there.
And of course, there's much more ahead
on the big tech results as well. We
talked about Beth Kind from IO Fund, the
lead analyst there. She'll join us about
20 minutes with her views on Tesla and
what to watch out for this earning
season beyond the AI hype. Plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Um, so this rally
that's still taking place as you can see
6 day look almost looks like my heart
rate uh every time I get stressed here
at work which is probably what you're
going to see anyway if we do an ECG at
the moment but yes anyway 4% to the
upside uh the big the big driver today
is really when you look at tech for
example SKH reported blowout earnings
great guidance excuse me uh when you
look at what's happening in South Korea
and of course that's lifting that tide
as well you have of course this renewed
vigor in the Japanese market all
Everything's equal. This is what you're
getting. 6 days, the longest win streak
going back to the start of the year. In
fact, so much so and so quickly enough
that when you look at the longer term
chart on price. So, we're going to put
this at the very top with the next
graphic coming up on your screens. And
the bottom's actually going to show you
a gauge of momentum, the 14-day RSI,
it's actually now at 80, the highest
level going back, you could make the
argument highest going back to the
pandemic. So question mark,
are we actually due for a consolidation
across this equity market which is then
as you can see exceptionally well and
we're I think within about 2 or 3% of
that high Ivon that we hit back in 2020.
But yeah, pay attention to this. That's
not a move you normally see. That's not
a level you normally see us stay at for
quite some time, especially when we get
when we see an eight handle as far as
that's concerned.
>> Yeah. Uh certainly that's one thing to
watch here. Signs of maybe overheating
across the Asia Pacific. Um, one thing
though, what's really driving this
equity rally of course still remains the
tech space, growth stocks and the like,
right? And we had another sort of
catalyst here today with SK Hinix when
coming up with their earnings. So, this
is after we saw record earnings. They
plan to quick quicken the spending on
advanced memory chip capacity and just
really reflecting the surging AI demand
out there and a drive to stay ahead of
its rivals. So SKH Highix is up as well
of 1% that's kind of lifting the likes
of Taiwan Semi. SMIC is up some 2%. Even
Samsung's catching a bid here this
morning, but Tokyo Electron heading the
opposite direction. We're going to have
a lot more on the way in the next hour
of the China show. This is Wilberg.
[Music]
It's almost like a picture. Welcome back
to the China Show. Oh, look into Hong
Kong the harbor this morning and it's
sunny skies. It's cleared up after this
typhoon and it looks like things are
pretty still sunny when it comes to Hong
Kong after we did see those eight shares
reached the highest level since October
of 2021. Hong Kong uh has already been
hitting those milestones already. But
certainly we we talk about the onshore
market. That's where you're seeing a lot
of that catch up, right? And Winnie Woo
just told us yeah there's a lot going on
there too that we shouldn't overlook
too. Yeah, people might be trading pairs
there as the, you know, the the gap
between the valuations reached some
extreme recently and maybe there's a bit
of catch up on closing up there of that
valuation gap onshore. Um, and let's see
what turnover looks like today.
Speculation also on, you know, what
southbound connect and what other things
investors can do on shore, taking their
money uh here in Hong Kong. But yeah,
the turnover has uh averaged 1.8
trillion over two days, which is quite
something. You don't normally see that
uh on this market. Nikki 225 is now up
2%. So that now puts that's really
within striking distance of a fresh
record there. The topics I believe is
already there. Uh Taiwan is I guess
indicative of the the tech rally that's
been going on. NASDAQ futures shrugging
off the weakness we're seeing across
other after hours constituents. We'll
talk about Tesla in a moment. Just uh
alluding to that as well. Okay. Going
into today, other things taking place.
uh you have an ECB decision taking place
out of today. Most economists if not all
virtually all with the exception I think
of one or two do expect uh things to
largely remain unchanged. Euro stock
futures one and a half%. Wow, what a
move there. So it is a risk on rally
here. And there's also a CGB sale today.
We should get more details on that uh
this or next hour. One, five, and
30-year bonds. Uh and of course we're
also looking at the Thai bot here too as
well. Yeah, it's uh interesting that
you're seeing this continued strength
into the currency uh after what we've
been seeing uh a lot of inflow certainly
into Thailand as well, a lot of optimism
around trade. So, the bot did rise or is
rising the highest since 2022.
Uh we just got this line also from the
Thailand army reporting about uh how
Thai and Cambodian troops uh clash near
a disputed site. uh there this on the
back what we've been hearing there's
some some border disputes that have been
flaring up uh where it's led to both
sides to recall their ambassadors as
well. So we'll continue to watch that
one in Thailand at the border here
today. But in terms of top themes, it's
still about trade, right? You know, the
fact that we heard from the Philippines
ambassador to the US saying, "Look, 15%,
not 19% I should say, is not the final
say right now. They're still looking to
negotiate into that deadline." And he
said, "Look, the president said 15% is
probably the floor. They're going to aim
to head there." And I'm sure many
nations are going to do that with just
what, six, seven days ago before the
deadline.
>> Yeah. Well, Japan got it, right? So like
but Japan does of course wield a sort of
bigger influence.
>> Europe might try. We'll see.
>> Europe might try. And speaking of Europe
right this hour as well. Well today of
course it's Europe and China that that's
also going to be very much in focus. You
have President Xi Jinping of course yet
to meet EU officials and that that
specific economic relationship looks
kind of tricky like it's seen better
days. Let's see what kind of progress we
see there today.
>> I mean Europe has sanctioned some of the
banks over what you know China's role in
in facilitating trade with Russia. you
have everything that goes on with EV
tariffs as well,
>> rare earth.
>> So, it's really tough to see what could
be tangible and what could be
deliverables in this summit, especially
at a time when you have China and the
and EU discussing trade deals with the
US, right? They don't want to rock the
boat just yet until maybe they get some
sort of framework with Washington so
far.
>> Yeah, we'll get to the latest on that in
a moment. In fact, later on in the show
in about 40 minutes, the EU Chamber of
Commerce in China will be joining us to
talk us through that. while we wait for
that later on. President Trump on our
top story. There we go. Um has suggested
that he will not go below as we were
just pointing out there 15% as he set
so-called reciprocal tariff rates
indicating that the floor for levies is
actually rising. You have major
economies including India and the EU
still scrambling to secure a trade deal
that's ahead of this August one deadline
just about a week away. We're going to
have a very very simple tariff for some
of the countries have so many countries
you can't negotiate deals with everyone.
So we'll have a straight simple tariff
of anywhere between 15 and 50%. A couple
of we have 15 because we haven't been
getting along with those countries too
well. So we just say let's pay 50 and uh
that's the way it is.
>> Let's bring in Mark Cranfield, our MI
strategist joining us out from
Singapore. So it it seems like we're
seeing animal spirits come back on the
back of some of these trade deals, Mark.
But as Dave has mentioned, you take a
look at some of these equity markets and
we're seeing signs of maybe overbought
territory now. How should we be looking
at, you know, the next few days and and
and weeks when it comes to risk assets
now? Is it time for a breather?
There's certainly some some risks around
any trade deal with the European Union
because uh there's seems to be an
assumption being priced into the market
that Europe will get a similar kind of
deal to Japan. So something around the
15% range on the tariffs. Now if they
don't, if it fails or if it's delayed
much longer and it looks as though that
tariff level could go higher, that would
certainly be an issue for markets to
deal with because they're not really
expecting that. So they they'll be
watching very closely how that European
deal plays out. They'll also be watching
what happens between Europe and China as
well. But more much more importantly is
whether Europe can secure such a
favorable or what is seen as such a
favorable deal as Japan because that
would really disrupt markets especially
European equities if they can't achieve
that. So you would see some pretty high
volatility around there for the euro as
well. The euro is performing very well
in the last few days again on the
assumption that Europe is going to get a
good good deal here. So there's a lot
resting on that European decision as you
say ECB nobody expects them to actually
change rates today but their outlook
could certainly be affected by what they
see coming in terms of the trade deal.
So you may see them sounding a little
bit more hawkish if they think that deal
is coming through. ECB could sound a bit
more hawkish than expected tonight when
they start speaking after the minutes
are out. They've also got the Fed
meeting next week and we've already
heard the commerce secretary Lutnik
weigh in today. Another person saying
that the Federal Reserves would lower
interest rates more quickly, putting
more pressure on your own pal. So
certainly next week you've got not only
these old deadlines of August the 1st
coming up, you've got a Fed meeting as
well and a Bank of Japan decision as
well. There's plenty up in the air, but
certainly in the very near term, the EU
trade deal is probably the most
significant thing on the table for
traders.
>> Mark, maybe just also ask you about
within within this equity market rally
in the region. Japan obviously has seen
a revival from yesterday going into
today. The topics index, I'm looking at
volumes 33% heavier again than usual for
this time of the day. What's going on in
Japan? Is there still some momentum we
can chase there?
>> There's if you're looking at catch-up
plays, rotation, I mean, Japan just
stands out by miles across the European
markets. Even after yesterday's huge
rally, the topics Nicay index, they're
way behind the kind of gains we've seen
this year for Cosby, Hanging Index, Hate
Shares. It's so far behind. People
obviously were sitting on the sidelines
waiting to see what would happen for
Japan. money starting to pour in now.
Those trading volumes that we saw
yesterday were the biggest since April.
That's very encouraging for new money
which is coming into the market. You
want to see that kind of momentum
continuing. And the fact that the market
is still in the green today is another
very good sign. But if you're a if
you're a big portfolio manager and
you've had a very good first half of the
year based on Hong Kong and Korean
equities, why wouldn't you be switching
some of that money into Japan, which is
a clear lagard now's got the trade deal
behind it. The yen, although it's
slightly stronger today, is still
relatively weak in the big picture
scheme. So the yen favors the Japanese
market as well. The high yields in the
JGB is pretty much priced in anyway.
Bank of Japan is clearly behind the
curve. They probably will raise interest
rates again this year, but at such a
slow pace, it's hardly going to make any
difference to the equity market at all.
So all the things are going into place.
Even the political situation is getting
a bit clearer in Japan as well. So from
an external point of view, Japan
suddenly looks a lot more interesting to
global portfolio managers and there's
plenty of catch-up room with the rest of
the markets.
Mark, uh, you mentioned that PBOC fix
today. You called it spicy.
>> Tell us why.
>> Well, if you again, they've pushed the
the fixing below 714 for the first time
since early November, which if you look
at the steps they've taken over the past
few days, these are pretty large moves
in the context of the PBOC, who normally
only change the fixing by just a few
pips a day. And you can you can see some
of this is probably an olive branch to
the European discussions that are going
on with the trade here because in the
background the driver of the PBC fixing
is the euro. The euro yuan cross is near
multi-year highs. Euro is super strong
against the yuan and by lowering the
dollar yan fixing they're helping to
moderate some of those moves. If the
PBOC did nothing, Euro Yuan will be at
all-time highs. And that wouldn't be a
good signal to the trade negotiations
between China and Europe. So really what
the what the PBC is doing here, they're
giving a signal to Asian currencies.
Yes, we we're in line with you. We see
further strength across the board there.
But they're also out reaching out to
Europe as well, saying, look, we're not
trying to make things too difficult for
you. We're going to keep the fixing
going in a direction which means that
the euro yuan won't get too much
stronger for the time being that may
help the negotiations go a little bit
more smoothly.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Granfield there
out of our M live team over in Singapore
for us as we head into this break. MEI
Asia Pacific now highest level here in
about four years or so. Longest win
streak in uh since the start of the
year. We're talking now we're counting
now six straight days because of that,
because of other things taking place.
Japan, as you can see, is now up 2%
going into the last 20 minutes of the
morning session. Plenty more ahead. This
is the China show.
[Music]
Well, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has told
investors to prepare for what could be a
rough few quarters ahead after sales in
the prior period fell 12%, the company's
worst result in more than a decade. He
also spoke on the earnings call about
regulatory challenges in China.
>> And then we also have some reg
regulatory regulatory challenges in
China which we're hoping to unblock
shortly. uh where we because we also
cannot provide uh su vice in China
currently um but we have to unblock that
suit and that's also those that's
another major it's really is the single
biggest demand driver
>> let's uh bring in Beth Kind lead analyst
at IO fund of course which runs tech
focused stock portfolios good morning
from the Asia Pacific thank you for
joining us lots to get into I was hoping
to start with Tesla and it's it's I
think one thing that did stand out just
as we were hearing that soundbite is
just the tone coming through out of the
out of Elon Musk who normally doesn't
you know exude that uh exude that sort
of low level of confidence and I wonder
how you're looking at the company itself
currently given where the stock price is
as well just uh you know to consider
that too
>> sure good to see you both again um you
know there were puts and takes tonight
with Tesla's report on one hand there
was a quarter over quarter improvement
in the margins uh there was actually a
4% % rebound in the average sales price.
So that was a positive, but the
uncertainty of what lies ahead is really
weighing on the stock after hours. Uh
not only did we hear some of that
regulatory issues in China, but
inventory was up 21%, deliveries were
down 13%. That would point to, you know,
demand issues and an over supply. And
all of that is ahead of that EV credit
expiring at the end of September. Um so
again the stock is down after hours and
deservedly so considering the
uncertainty of what is coming next
quarter
and I mean how you look at the stock is
is really kind of
determined of what how you think it's
going to perform. Is it actually you
know the core business is still an
automaker or do you look at this company
and the innovation that you're seeing is
it an AI is it a robotics juggernaut
right I mean how should we actually look
at this this company now Beth
>> yeah right here right now this is a car
company I I I don't think that can be
there's nothing that proves the R&D
around AI is monetizing and that is
really what is important for tech
investors is broadly even speaking who
is monetizing AI right now and that's
really important considering the tens of
billions being poured in to you know
whether it's AI data centers whether
it's training models there's tens of
billions being poured into that and
until a company can put up material
evidence of the ROI on that capex or
that R&D spend um for me when we're
talking about Tesla it remains a car
company um for example They were
expected to deliver 2 million vehicles
this year. They've delivered about
700,000 750,000.
They're about a million short, 1.1
million short. And until that's all
cleared up, I think the AI story again
that we haven't seen monetized yet is in
the back seat.
>> Yeah. I guess to the point you just made
there, there are other options. You
know, if you if if you like AI, there
are other options beyond beyond beyond
Tesla. And you know, this earning
season, I'm looking at Alphabet, for
example, and the what looks to be a good
problem to have. U they're running into
some issues scaling up capex and getting
products to the market. How how are you
looking at Alphabet at these days, Beth?
>> Yeah, Alphabet. I mean this is this was
a hotly debated stock going into the
earnings because the question was um how
is search monetizing given the time
being spent in apps like chat GPT they
did clear that hurdle tonight uh they
accelerated search so not only AI is
actually helping internally there with
their own you know a with their own apps
their own leading segment then when you
look at Google cloud that's also
accelerating but again we're seeing some
weak price action because it goes back
to the fact that there are tens of
billions being spent. Uh, Alpha,
Alphabet raised their capex to about 85
billion uh compared to about 12 billion
um that they're seeing in revenue on
Google Cloud. Um so there's definitely a
gap there between what's being spent and
what these companies can report. Um my
favorite actually would be Microsoft. I
think Microsoft is in a very material
way saying we have ROI on that capex.
>> Yeah, it's interesting Beth, right? You
look at the after hours trade in
Alphabet. As soon as they mentioned that
capex figure, it it basically killed
that after hours rally in the stock. So,
how are investors basically still
running out of patience about big
spending when it comes to AI now?
>> Yes. And now I got my start in Silicon
Valley. I was there for, you know, over
a decade. And the way Silicon Valley
does it is very different than Wall
Street. Wall Street wants to see those
profits immediately. And really, this is
going to take some time. I don't doubt
that these companies in the long run
will be winners. It's going to take some
time and I think there's better ways to
play it. Right? We look at the 85
billion that Google is spending. Well,
who is that going to? It's going to AI
hardware. And I think again right here
right now that's a much better way to
position
>> Beth and you know to the point that you
just made too like recently when I say
recently the last let's call it the last
five or six weeks AI has again become
not just you know you know the biggest
part of investors mindset also the
biggest driver of returns overall you
look at a mag seven how how are you
viewing valuations at the at the moment
>> many are stretched uh I think you can
see them lower. In fact, you know, my
firm is rotating away from those
stretched valuations and favoring some
of these AI hardware plays where because
they're growing so rapidly, there are a
couple of AI hardware companies growing
300%. Uh, again, because this capex just
flows straight down the line. Um, and so
it to me it's rotate more to those
hyperrowth AI hardware stocks for for
now.
Um, can you tell us what what you you
won't touch and what maybe you think you
could rotate to now within that sort of
universe?
>> When I look at something like Meta, you
know, Meta historically has not traded
this high and and Meta is participated
in massive trends such as mobile uh when
it became a native app and and social
media and ads and it's never traded this
high. Um so we are personally rotating
out of meta and we really favor things
like Astera Labs and Credo which are
both AI hardware stocks that in the
networking layer that serve uh you know
they supply Nvidia they also supply
custom silicon and all those tens of
billions doesn't matter if it's coming
from Google Meta um Microsoft Amazon
they filter down into that supply chain
it's just a much safer bet in my opinion
right now
Beth, it's great to have you. Didn't
even talk about Nvidia today. Beth, tech
analyst at AOFM. We got to get you back.
We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
The US commerce secretary has described
China's exit ban on a US government
employee as outrageous behavior. Howard
Lutnik also spoke to us about the
decision to ease restrictions on H20 AI
chip sales if China delivers more
magnets.
>> The H20 was the third best chip in the
world and now it's the fourth best.
Right? Because the Blackwell is the
best. There's an H200 and H100. So an
H20 is the fourth best chip and I think
the president has decided that if things
are going well with China that they can
buy them. So I think that decision's
been made. We are putting on the
licensing mechanism and uh we are
getting that going. But the president
has decided that the Chinese can buy
them but that's in a balanced way with
the Chinese delivering on the deal that
we made with them and they're delivering
rare earths to American manufacturers.
>> So when you sit across from your Chinese
counterparts next week, what do you plan
to discuss with them? is loosening
export controls more ex more export
controls on the table. I think what we
talk about is there's a line right below
the line we are giant economies we
should trade with each other right they
want to buy our produce they want to buy
our vegetables right they need they
don't grow everything they don't have
the bread basket of America that we have
so they want to buy those products and
you know what there's lots of things
that they make that we want to buy that
we want inexpensive things on our
shelves so let's talk below the line
let's open the market better in China
and let us sell more things in China.
And then at the line where we're
competitive, you know, where is that
line where above that line, we're not
they're not going to sell us their
hypersonic missiles and we're not
selling them our best chips. Those two
things are not happening because they're
a competitor. They are a competitor. And
what we're really going to discuss is
where's that line? Are the H20s above
the line or below the line? That's
really nuance and that's discussion. But
of course, would we like to buy baby
clothes that are inexpensive? Of course
we would. That makes perfect sense. So
let's open the market down here,
>> right? We're never opening the market up
here. And what do we discuss? We
discussed that line of what's over it
and what's under it. But do we want more
of this? Them selling it to us and us
selling it to them. The president and
president she from China agreed that
they would like to do more business
there. So we're going to talk about
opening their market more for things
that make sense to open it. and we're
really going to discuss the areas that
maybe we should really be addressing. Is
that yes or is that no?
>> One area I just want to finish on this.
I'm curious if you're going to address
directly because it's the commerce
department. An employee of yours is
facing an exit ban right now from China.
Do you have any update on this?
>> It's it's unbelievable. Right. So, he
has um there was an employee of ours.
He's a a Chinese national who was
working in the patent office and he went
home and he was arrested and they're
holding his passport. I mean it's so I
give that to the state department and
the state department deals with that but
it is uh it is outrageous behavior.
>> There you go. That was the US commerce
secretary Howard Lutnik with Anamaria of
course and Marie Hordern in the US. A
quick glance at markets. So two things
to tell you about uh right now. CGB
market yields are on the way up. Steeper
curve as you can see the 30-year yield
and we'll get the bond auction in a
moment. Of course a couple of more
details there. Also worth pointing out
though is the economic surveys out for
July. This is a survey we do on a
monthly basis and it does show a slight
uptick as far as the growth expectations
are concerned consistent really with the
data that's come through recently.
>> Yeah, I was interested looking at my
inbox. I believe it was A&Z that talked
about this whole China reflation
strategy. We're actually talking about
reflation
>> given what we've been seeing with
anti-involution this this dam project.
So that certainly is lifting the likes
of some of these commodities and maybe
can lift China out of deflation right
that's the goal that's the dream
>> certainly how it happens there you know
when you move from BFA did mention you
know it is a 3 to 5 year sort of horizon
you got to think about when it comes to
that that's why we're checking those
miners there today as well putting more
ahead this is Bloomberg
[Music]
>> I think it's very important to know that
you know 15% for Japan for reciprocal
tariffs for autos uh that is a different
kind of deal but the because the
Japanese proposed a very innovative
solution
>> US Treasury Secretary Scott Besson there
speaking about that trade deal with
Tokyo and it's almost 11:30 a.m. there
markets heading that lunch break and we
continue to see this rally getting fired
up in Tokyo. Take a look. Volumes are
concerned. They're surging once again
here. And it's interesting, right? I
think it was late afternoon, Dave, when
we heard from the prime minister Ishaba
with a very interesting call. You know,
he says he's vowing to remain in as as
the leader despite all the speculation,
these local media reports of him maybe
possibly resigning in a few weeks. Yeah,
it's interesting how that the news lines
evolved this time yesterday, right? So,
it started with
>> him not commenting on his future when
they were talking about the trade deal.
Then you had one or two local reports
coming out, one giving a timeline and
August another one coming in and say it
was going to happen soon and then and
then it's about phase as far as that's
concerned. But I guess suffice to say uh
there tends to be fire when there is
smoke. I think is is something I would
say but certainly it is something to to
watch going forward and really what that
means for not the trade deal but
domestic politics right it just
underscores this reflation story which
is a good thing for markets but
domestically of course there needs to be
some uh some way to address that too uh
we're looking at markets there uh I
think we just showed you that can we
show that again please if we can that
Nikki is actually very near a new record
now following the topics index which I
think hit that milestone
>> and basically what's happened is right
like if you sort out the winners and
losers. There's a great piece out from
our team in Tokyo about how this Japan
trade deal is basically moved some of
the losers back into being winners and
vice versa. So like you look at car
makers for example, machinery makers and
banks are now seen as winners of this
deal and we obviously saw that relief
rally in the autos uh yesterday after we
heard that those US tariffs have been
lowered. On the flip side, you're
starting to see defense related stocks,
domestic demand linked shares, real
estate firms, for example, are now
heading the opposite direction.
>> Yeah. I mean, higher rates, what's that
going to do? Uh, as far as that's
concerned, right? And I think the, you
know, one uh big loser, quote unquote,
recently is our colleague Sherry, who's
been ex exhausted covering all of these
things for us there. Of course, we've
we've had to drag her into the studio
last minute several times yesterday. Uh
yeah, welld deserved. At least not for
now, Sherry. But if you're listening,
stay tuned. We might need you at some
point soon, particularly when the nicke
actually hits that new record here,
42,000. I'm sounding out already. Start
to mic up. Okay. Um while the Japan
rally has been taking place, China's
also been doing very well. The market's
been rallying there. You know, there's a
lot of conversations around how do I
gain exposure to China? Is it the ETF
space in Hong Kong? When you look at
onshore markets, certainly Hong Kong has
been the primary destination. Um, ETF
connectivity has really been a a big
topic of late, especially here in the
region.
>> Yeah. And Eph just introduced his latest
ETF on the Singapore exchange. And now
joining us now is Fan Bing, deputy CEO
and CIO of EA Management Singapore.
Faning, it's great to have you. Uh, can
you tell us a little bit more about
behind this ETF, the timing of it, and
why Singapore in particular?
Hi, it's a good pleasure to be here.
Thank you for having me here. Uh my name
is Bing Fan. I'm from Eon Management
Singapore. regarding the timing of a
Chinax ETFs. So, we do believe Chinax
index investment value has been
recognized by many investors today given
the year-to-day performance and going
forward, we do see the great potential
for uh I mean further further investment
cases to be reviewed by uh institutional
and retail investors. Thank you.
>> Okay. Uh Finebang, this is this is
David. The the other question I have is
why why the chinx index specifically?
>> Sure. The chinax index has been launched
with 15 years of history. Chinax is a
focus on innovation and growthdriven
companies and for chinex itself it has
some special listing rules. So first one
it's a first board uh adopted the I
adopted the registration based IPO
system back in 2020.
>> It also allow have several features like
they allow the uh pre-p profofit company
to be listed. They also allow the geos
share classes and they also have a
negative screening list to making sure
the index is really fostering the
innovation and technologydriven
industries as well as the traditional
industries integrating with innovation
elements and so forex itself it has more
than 70%
of the index value coming from the new
economy sectors but within the 70% %
itself. It also have a rather
diversified focus on not only just the
hot technologies but also the digital
economy portion of that. So meaning
Chinax is growth and innovation focused
but in the meantime it's also
diversified within the new economy
sectors.
>> Yeah. You know, it's interesting, right?
Because certainly that's where most of
those these companies list, but I have
to say they're they're not really big
household names, which overseas
investors might not really be attuned
to, right? Maybe they'd rather look at
something like the HStech, for example.
I'm just wondering what sort of overseas
appetite do you actually see for some of
these companies now? fanbe
>> based on the conversation we had in
recent months uh we do see a mismatch
between the presence of China in terms
of the global industrial chain and the
allocation of the global uh asset
allocations portion of China and I
believe the mismatch between those two
reflects some of the concern of a China
economy. Looking forward, we do see this
gap will have a great potential to be
narrowing down and for uh coming down to
the allocation to China technology
portion. The chin neck itself does
provide a better opportunities or access
to accessing the high growing and growth
industries from the world's second
largest economy focus on uh artificial
intelligence biotech
uh and also the hot technologydriven
industries for those I think Chinx
itself and also uh the beta solution
products around chinex providing
investors globally and domestically a
chance to enjoy the dividend from uh
China's economy and technology growth
stories.
>> Yeah. And in this case via via Singapore
of course where where where you are and
I wonder do you have any projections or
estimates how much flow in AUM you
expect to see here?
We do tracking the monthly flow for for
global ass allocation to China closely
and Singapore is one of the most
important global as allocation hub. So
far I mean in the past couple of weeks
China markets was was doing quite strong
and we do see the interest from boasting
institutions and retail investors coming
into the uh the China story investment
stories uh for the uh for the like in
the midterm or long term for the for the
for the inflow. Currently uh the the
asset allocation flow for China is
relatively still underweight but ever
since uh first quarter of this year. We
do see the underwriting has been
narrowed down and this narrow down the
money flow they quite a few of them is
using the ETF as the accessing tool.
Hence, we do see a strong interest for
China themed and focused ETF both
locally and globally around the globe.
>> Yeah, thank you so much, Fan Bing. If if
ever you're in Hong Kong next, do let us
know. Of course, it's let's let's bring
you here into our studios here. Hi to
the team at Eunding,
deputy CEO and CIO at Eund Management
Singapore on the latest product and of
course what's going on there with the
crossber ETF connectivity between uh
between China and uh Singapore. Right.
Um coming up here uh more on today's
meeting with the EU and Chinese leaders
in Beijing. The EU Chamber of Commerce
President uh will be joining us to
discuss the challenges facing relations
and maybe greater and more important
context on these meetings taking place.
In fact, maybe even right now. Uh that's
coming up soon. And as we go into the
break, take a short break, we're looking
at benchmarks. And you know what? We
reversed the early weakness. We're now
higher again on the Hanging Index. uh
more on these lines coming through here
out of CCTV and it seems to be they're
looking to address the uh excessive comp
here it is again excessive competition
China's market regulators looking to
rectify excessive competition that's
according to CCTV also in my inbox just
dropping right now so we had a
conversation with BOA Morgan Stanley's
out with its own note and yes go ahead
Ivon
>> yeah we just got some lines from CCTV as
well that uh now President Xi
is going to be meeting the EU's
Vanderlayan and and Costa of course as
we see this summit kickoff as well
between the EU and China. So, a lot's
going on. We'll get you more coming up.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we are just getting those
lines from CCTV and it has been
confirmed that you know now we are
likely to see President Xi and EU's
Ursula Vanderlayan to be speaking uh
later on today in this summit along with
the European Council President Costa as
well. So we're talking about high level
talks right from leaders from the EU as
well. will be meeting with the Chinese
president today in Beijing. The first
in-person summit since 2023. Joining us
now is someone who will also be
attending some of these summit meetings.
Yens Escalende is president of the EU
Chamber of Commerce in China. He joins
us live from Beijing this morning. Yens,
it's always great to have you. What's
going to be the message to European and
Chinese leaders in your meeting today?
>> I think there'll be se several um from
from our part. main focus will be uh on
trade and market access. Uh we are
concerned on what we are seeing in terms
of trade imbalances uh growing even ever
wider and we continue to see continued
restrictions on market access for
European companies. Um a few months ago
we released our annual business
confidence survey and 67% of our members
told us that they have been losing
business opportunities uh because of
market access restriction and that
number is simply too too high and we
need to bring that uh down somehow and
then of course uh similar to Chinese
companies we are struggling with
evolution with over capacity with
persistent uh deflation we have now had
32 consecutive months of producer price
uh deflation and that is something that
is harming us as much as it's harming um
uh Chinese companies. And of course on
the positive side in particular on the
deccom decommunization agenda there's a
lot we can do together and we all
recognize that China will be a
critically important enabler for Europe
to reach its ambitious climate goals
>> on market access. Y I'm curious what
would your advice be to European leaders
who are who will have an audience of
course with top Chinese officials and is
it realistic to expect uh progress on
that front at this specific meeting of
course
>> yeah you know I don't think that we any
of us are too optimistic uh in terms of
any sort of grand agreement being
reached and I don't think that this is
really what we should aspire to think
the backdrop of this meeting here is
that we have the 50th anniversary uh of
bilateral diplomatic relations between
the European Union uh and and and and
China. This is a rel relationship that
has created immense value for both China
and for Europe. But maybe now when we
have the innov anniversary, there is an
opportunity a time for us to reflect on
how do we ensure that we have a
relationship going forward that continue
to deliver benefits uh from both sides.
And what we're seeing right now is this
increase in trade tension and this
perception in particular in Europe that
the benefits of the relationship uh is
no longer being distributed in an
equitable manner. And for us the
important thing is that both sides
realize that we are a little bit on a
burning platform and that we need to
have these serious conversations about
how sort of do we recalibrate so that
Europe can also see that it makes sense
that we continue to engage at the very
high and very deep level that we are are
are doing today. Specifically when it
comes to market access, we have seen on
the one hand that as the Chinese
government has mentioned in several
statement that there is a movement in
some industries towards wider opening
towards reform but we also see that
there is an increased focus on security
on localization uh on import
substitution on uh self-sufficiency on
self-reliance and these are some of the
things that uh that that worry Europe
European uh companies is and where we
see restrictions are popping up um
related specifically to some of those
localization requirements.
>> And Yenz, this is coming out of time,
you mentioned the backdrop where the the
EU and China are both trying to at least
confirm some sort of trade deal with the
US.
>> How do you see those negotiations
impacting what happens between the EU
and and China today? because some would
say maybe they're they're unlikely to
rock the boat because they're waiting to
see what DC says or does that give more
of a reason for the EU to be more
emboldened to be firm on China? Yeah,
you know, there's no doubt of course
that what's happening outside of the
bilateral EUChina relationship is
impacting the EUChina relationship. But
I think one of the challenges over time
in the relationship has been that the
relationship between Europe and China
has also always been seen through the
lens of the relationship with the United
States. And I think we need to recognize
if we are to move forward that there are
issues that are specific to the EU China
relationship and that we need to have a
sharp focus on these for example in
terms of uh de-industrialization in in
Europe and in terms of access for
European companies uh in in China. So
yes, there will be an impact, but I
think it's very very important that we
do not lose sight of the fact that there
are issues that are specific to the
EUChina relationship and we also stay
laser focused on these issues as we uh
go forward.
>> Do you see those issues being resolved
over the next year?
>> Well, I think that's the question that
we all are waiting to see. the the most
urgent issue right now obviously is
related to uh export controls in China,
rare earth and and and and magnets and
that is something that has delivered a
blow uh to many European companies uh
and also has sort of shaken the
confidence in China as a reliable and
predictable uh supplier. So one thing
that we hope is that this is being
addressed uh at this particular summit
here. So we have this certainty that we
have this clear line in sight that
manufacturing that European companies
will not incur uh unnecessary losses
because they don't have this access and
we think this is one of the things that
can be done to restore uh confidence
that is that a model uh is found where
sort of a more general license licensing
scheme is devised that allow business
continuity for European companies. That
is one of the things that would would
help to to strengthen confidence going
forward.
>> Yens you mentioned about producer prices
and talking about you know how long
we've been staying in deflation. Some of
the anti-involution sort of efforts is
also maybe hurting some of the companies
uh that are part of your members as
well. How difficult is business now for
European companies operating in China?
And how important is China still as a
market for some of these companies?
It's a really really good question.
Again, in our business confidence survey
that we just published a few months ago,
we saw that 70% of our 1700 members are
now telling us that they are getting
similar or higher profit margins outside
China compared to inside China. So you
can say from that perspective maybe
China's attractiveness is eroding a
little bit relative to other countries.
But we're actually seeing an interesting
phenomenon. more than of a quarter of
our members are actually increasing
their unshoring in China and we think
there are several reasons for for that.
One reason is of course that onshoring
in China is a way to derisk your in
China for China uh supply chain you
minimize sort of your vulnerability for
your China in China for China supply
chain. if you sort of reduce your
dependency on on on
outside supply chains. But the other
factor that I think is very interesting
and where I think Europe also needs to
pay attention is that we see
multinational European companies. They
obviously need to compete against other
companies and the way that you win in
the market is to have better products at
a lower price. Now what we see is in
order to have the best best product at
the most attractive price you obviously
need to source the components where you
get the most best components at the most
attractive price and in many many cases
that is here in China. So we see
actually in many ways that European
business is becoming not less dependent
but perhaps more dependent on on on
China. So actually more European
companies on shoring in China.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. And I
want to ask you among your members, is
it now almost a conscious or deliberate
effort to and is it possible in their
view to to to effectively make their
supply chains in China self-contained
and self- sustainable?
>> We are beginning to see in particular
four companies that are in China for
China to have uh independent and
self-sustained autonomous uh uh supply
chains. And this is ofa of course
another area where we see uh geopolitics
uh playing a role. There is an emphasis
in particular in the United States but
also increasingly in China on having
entirely managed supply chains uh within
the borders uh of of the country. It's
one of those things that unfortunately
are creating inefficiencies for our
members because we are operating global
supply chains and if you need to invest
in having entirely separate uh uh supply
chains in China, it sort of reduces your
ability uh to achieve economies of scale
and and utilize capacity outside of
China. So it's actually not something we
welcome. And we think many companies
because of these pressures uh are
feeling forced to begin to silo uh some
of their h supply chains. We see for
example within automotive
Yens, thank you so much. We'll let you
go. I know you have a short trip to
short trek to make there to the great
hall of the people for some for for some
meetings we believe. Yens Escalender,
thank you so much. President at the EU
Chamber of Commerce in China.
Subscribers can watch us live or if you
miss some parts of that specific
interview, you can scroll back a little
bit on the TV function TV go dive into
any of the securities or functions that
we talk about here on the show. Become
part of the conversation. Send us
instant messages. Check it out. TV go.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. US futures are
doing this. Okay, so interesting. We
just got some reports, I believe, um
that a former property man who's not the
president is headed to the Fed on
Thursday. That's President Trump, of
course, maybe to um I don't know, do an
ocular of the uh renovations. What
what's been sort of the crux of this
sort of saga between Trump and Powell is
this whole criticism about the central
bank's renovations, right? So, he has
been demanding for some sort of visit to
really take a look at this renovation
project himself. So, Thursday's been the
confirmed time. I think they were trying
to do Friday, but then it was rejected
because the Trump has to go eat with
some senators that evening as well. So,
uh we're we're now confirming that that
visit is happening, right? So whether we
see what happens and what comes out
maybe a little bit more fireworks there
when it comes to this criticism that the
president has with JPAL for not cutting
rates basically.
>> Yeah. Okay. So also Yeah. So on top of
that wrecky um we're also looking at an
ECV decision that is largely expected to
remain uneventful but it's really in the
guidance and the change on the outlook
which might actually give us something
to talk about given everything that's
going on or what hasn't been uh resolved
it as far as the trade negotiations are
concerned that comes up of course later
today. We're now up a six days here in
the Asia Pacific on the we and as you
can see we've shaken off the early
cobwebs here on the hang of index.
>> Yeah, four year highs. We extend that
rally once again. You're seeing four
year highs in Asia Pacific as well. So
you take a look how the stocks doing on
the MXP. We're up session highs of 1%
here right now. Are we due for a
breather? We've been talking about the
RSI think they can look a little bit
overheated but doesn't seem like that's
the case here today. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]